Mrs. Ji
In the past, for the sake of Xiu Yuan and Yan Ting
If you hit me and didn't fight back, I endured it
I won't be here from now on
As for why I'm here
Just ask your son
Su Ran
You don't think we Yanting have to be you, do you?
I tell you, no matter how evil you are
Never enter the door I remember
It's even less likely to get my approval
You are overthinking
I will leave Ji Yanting as you wish
Leave your Shengfeng Group
Go, go.
What's the matter, are you alright?
How is the injury on your face? Thank you for your concern.
It's alright wait
If you don't want to work with Sun Jian
You can quit the Royal Bay project
I don't want to give up the Royal Bay project yet
Well, I respect your choice.
Sulan
Who are you?
I don't know you.
It doesn't matter who we are
What matters is the money your brother owes us
We are asking you to pay back the money.
I have no money and I don't have to pay him back
What? What?